system-variables: add tiflash_hashagg_preaggregation_mode (#18441)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

</CustomContent>

### tiflash_hashagg_preaggregation_mode <span class="version-mark">New in v8.3.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `force_preagg`
- Value options: `force_preagg`, `force_streaming`, `auto`

> - This variable controls the pre-aggregation strategy used in the first stage of two-stage or three-stage HashAgg operations pushed down to TiFlash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the pre-aggregation strategy used during the first stage of two-stage or three-stage HashAgg operations pushed down to TiFlash:
```

> - This variable controls which pre-aggregation strategy is used in the first stage of a two-stage or three-stage HashAgg pushed down to TiFlash:
>     - `force_preagg`: TiFlash forces pre-aggregation in the first stage of HashAgg, same with behavior prior to version v8.3.0.
>     - `force_streaming`: TiFlash directly sends data to the next stage of HashAgg without pre-aggregation.
>     - `auto`: TiFlash automatically selects whether to perform pre-aggregation based on the current workload's aggregation degree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the pre-aggregation strategy used in the first stage of two-stage or three-stage HashAgg operations pushed down to TiFlash:
    - `force_preagg`: TiFlash forces pre-aggregation in the first stage of HashAgg. This behavior is consistent with the behavior before v8.3.0.
    - `force_streaming`: TiFlash directly sends data to the next stage of HashAgg without pre-aggregation.
    - `auto`: TiFlash automatically selects whether to perform pre-aggregation based on the current workload's aggregation degree.
```

>     - `auto`: TiFlash automatically selects whether to perform pre-aggregation based on the current workload's aggregation degree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `auto`: TiFlash automatically chooses whether to perform pre-aggregation based on the current workload's aggregation degree.
```
